
Still TODO: update admin area student form to show new quals data if the record is of the new style, 
otherwise show old style. Also add section to new style in the admin area for SWAP to indicate if 
Maths and Englisth at Level 6 exams have been taken.

Do reg form before reporting, try to finish by Monday
Then reporting asap after KL trip
Discuss with SWAP during 3rd week of July
Meet and finish by last week of July
Invoice before end of July
Invoice in August for ongoing running of service


Mark to send me the ISO standards letter and the forms that he’s sending to LEAPs. - EMAIL TO SWAP

Revise the online reg form asap too - ask about this
  I think we agreed 2 days, to add a controlled list of quals on the reg form and backend admin to manage it, like LEAPS

Reporting

showing trends across the years would be useful so graphs of the years and how they changed, such as male-female split over years, would be good.
Destinations across the years - a bar chart that shows destination stacks over each year.
Think of first in family going to HE, how does that change over the years.
Choices of virtually everything on the export chart is just about what they would need to show everything, and it would be great to show that over years.
Imaging showing marked differences in ethnicity.
Start with one chart, above the map. Select what it should show from a dropdown. Then also be able to create another chart.
Could the map show people moving about across the years at the same time too, so it can be seen how many people in a different year go to / from where.
Then so they can make a pdf printout. 
See stats report forwarded by Lesley



Mark to filter UF export so that there are separate cells for university course and university - DONE, inst_shortname, coursecode, then other info fields added 
  Don't show conditions if filtering by UF
  Make sure there is a spacing between condition and offer, appears to not have a space at the moment
  break out the subject into its own cell as well
  
Mark to set the database so that we are required to log-in every time we leave the website - DONE, with 1 hour delay
 
We briefly discussed if I could incorporate the HN progression into the University progression and so I tried 
uploading them to see what the data looked like, but I got “Blank course code or institution shortname for 
Kelly Beattie progression data, so did not save this row.” Does the database have to recognise the institution  - 
should I set up codes for the 5 colleges?  I’ve attached the spreadsheet so that you can see what I’m trying to upload.
- DONE removed check for course_code on imports L519, which should allow the HN data to appear
 


